L10n.md, before:

# Localisation (L10n)
The Trello Power-Up client exposes a few methods to help with L10n, and takes care of loading resource files in the background, and using them to retrieve localised strings by key.

The official documentation is [here](https://developers.trello.com/reference/#localization), and [here's a blog post I wrote](MEDIUM_LINK), which goes into more detail and provides some code samples.

## What do I need to provide?
Two files:
- `i18n/<languagetag>.yml`: a file containing translated strings (variable interpolations is supported; see existing translations). The filename must be a [BCP 47 language tag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IETF_language_tag); if you want to provide a translation for a language Trello already supports, just switch to that language using Trello's own language selector, and then check the value of `window.locale` in the browser console: that will be your language tag;
- `i18n/listings/DESCRIPTION.<languagetag>.md`: a Markdown file containing the translated version of the Power-Up description, which will be displayed in the official Power-Up listing.

Commit message:

Improve localisation docs and add support for localised screenshots

L10n.md, after:

# Localisation (L10n)
The Trello Power-Up client exposes a few methods to help with L10n, and takes care of loading resource files in the background, and using them to retrieve localised strings by key.

The official documentation is [here](https://developers.trello.com/reference/#localization).

## What do I need to provide?
Please open a PR with:
- A translation of the sentence: "Everything you need to conduct a Lean Coffee session!" (for the Power-Up listing)
- `i18n/<languagetag>.yml`: a file containing translated strings (variable interpolations is supported; see existing translations). The filename must be a [BCP 47 language tag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IETF_language_tag); if you want to provide a translation for a language Trello already supports, just switch to that language using Trello's own language selector, and then check the value of `window.locale` in the browser console: that will be your language tag;
- `i18n/listings/DESCRIPTION.<languagetag>.md`: a Markdown file containing the translated version of the Power-Up description, which will be displayed in the [official Power-Up listing](https://trello.com/power-ups/5d1249acb16eef6f790f2af9);
- `assets/listings/<languagetag>/*.png`: a bunch of screenshots, showing parts of the UI, to be used in the description file above - see the `assets/listings/en` folder for the full list.
