# Leaner Coffee Privacy Policy

## Information we collect
### Analytics
We only collect usage information. All the information generated by the Leaner Coffee Power-Up (voters list, discussion durations) is stored in the Trello board itself.

Solely for the purpose of understanding how people use this power-up and prioritise what to work on (in the free time we allocate to this project),
we have picked a privacy-conscious analytics provider, [Umami](https://umami.is). What they have to say about privacy can be read [here](https://umami.is/blog/why-privacy-matters).

We do NOT collect any personally identifiable information (PII) about users, such as e-mail addresses or IP addresses.
We only track the following:
- hash of the Trello workspace and board ids, to group behaviours together
- user interactions with the Power-Up (e.g. which buttons were clicked)

Feel free to peruse the code and let us know if you think we're collecting more than we should.

### Error reporting
We also track errors using Sentry, but we initialise their client so that it does not collect any PII, either.

## Purpose
There is no commercial objective behind this power-up, so we have no need to collect information for any kind of business purpose.

## Future changes to this policy
It is possible, of course, that the current state of affairs with regard to information collection will change in the future.

If that happens, we will update the <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/tatablack/leaner-coffee-powerup/blob/master/README.md">README</a> in the Power-Up's repository, and attempt to notify existing users.

Please note that we can only notify users while they are on a Trello board with our Power-Up enabled—since we do not collect user data (such as e-mails), we have no other means of communication at our disposal.

## Contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, feel free to contact us at [leanercoffee@tatablack.net](mailto:leanercoffee@tatablack.net).
