README.md, before:

# Leaner Coffee Power-Up for Trello

<a href="https://trello.com/power-ups/5d1249acb16eef6f790f2af9/enable">
  <img
    alt="Add Leaner Coffee to Trello"
    title="Add Leaner Coffee to Trello"
    height="40" width="144"
    src="https://p.trellocdn.com/add_to_trello.png"
    srcSet="https://p.trellocdn.com/add_to_trello.png 1x,
      https://p.trellocdn.com/add_to_trello@2x.png 2x"
  />
</a>

## What _is_ Trello?
[Trello](https://trello.com/) is a project management web application based on the concepts of boards, lists and cards.

From a developer's perspective, it's also a platform which can be extended using Power-Ups
(here's a [directory of existing ones](https://trello.com/power-ups), and here's [the official introduction to Power-Ups development](https://developers.trello.com/reference#power-ups-intro)).

## So, this is a Power-Up?
Yep. This project implements a Power-Up meant to support "Lean Coffee"-style sessions based on a Trello board.

## What is "Lean Coffee", then?
From the [official page](http://leancoffee.org/):

    Lean Coffee is a structured, but agenda-less meeting.

The following is an example of a Lean Coffee session:
1. 5 minutes to add new cards to a "Discussion topics" list
2. 5 minutes to vote for individual topics (each person gets a fixed number of votes, usually based on the number of topics)
3. The moderator sorts the topics list by votes, and moves the top card to the "Discussing" list
4. 5 minutes to discuss the card, starting with its creator setting the context
5. There’s a timer: when it goes off, everybody can vote to keep discussing the same topic or move on. Based on the vote, the card may be moved to the “Done” list, and a new one put in its place
6. Go back to #4, rinse and repeat

It can be made simpler or more complicated, but that's the gist of it.

## Fine. And how does this Power-Up help?
Once enabled for a board, this Power-Up implements:
- voting capabilities (similar to the official [Voting Power-Up](http://info.trello.com/power-ups/voting))
    - click to vote (duh!)
    - displaying list of voters
    - sorting a list by number of votes
    - (Lean Coffee bonus!) ensuring people can only vote for as many cards as the rules of multivoting (aka N/3 voting) allow
- discussion management
    - start/pause/end a timer for a discussion about a card
    - notifications (visual + audio) when a discussion timer elapses (visible only to the initiator)
- card badges and card detail badges, displaying:
    - number of votes / list of voters
    - elapsed time for a discussion
- card back sections, displaying:
    - discussion status (when ongoing)
    - a simple UI to vote on a discussion to determine the next step (when paused)

Card Badges | Card Back Section | Menu
------------|--------------------| ----
![Votes][CardBadgeVoting]  | ![Votes][CardBackSectionOngoing] | ![Votes][PowerUpButtons]
![Votes][CardBadgeOngoing] | ![Votes][CardBackSectionPaused] | 

[CardBadgeVoting]: ./assets/readme/card_badge_voting.png
[CardBadgeOngoing]: ./assets/readme/card_badge_ongoing.png
[CardBackSectionOngoing]: ./assets/readme/ongoing_discussion.png
[CardBackSectionPaused]: ./assets/readme/paused_discussion.png
[PowerUpButtons]: ./assets/readme/buttons.png

## Installation
The Power-Up is free, and available through the official Trello Power-Up listing.

For reference, here's our [privacy policy](PRIVACY.md).

### Releasing
The official version of this Power-Up is currently hosted on GitHub Pages, based on the contents of the `docs` folder.

A new version can be released by executing `npm version [major|minor|patch]`.
This will:
- bump the version number in both `package.json` and `package-lock.json`
- trigger a production build (output in the `docs` folder)
- create a commit with these changes
- create a git tag with the same version number

The Release Drafter GitHub App will take care of drafting/updating a GitHub release every time a PR gets merged; after the steps above the current draft release can be published (tied to the tag just created).

## Contributing
See the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) document.

## Versioning
We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning.

## Authors
Angelo Tata @tatablack

## Disclaimer
Lean Coffee(tm) is a trademark of Modus Cooperandi (as mentioned [here](http://leancoffee.org/)); we are not affiliated with them, or with the original creators of the technique, in any way. We just happened to run plenty of Lean Coffee sessions on Trello, and we wanted to make our own lives easier. Once this proved useful, well, sharing was the next step.

## License
Apache-2.0. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

Update README with instructions for releasing a new translation

README.md, after:

# Leaner Coffee Power-Up for Trello

<a href="https://trello.com/power-ups/5d1249acb16eef6f790f2af9/enable">
  <img
    alt="Add Leaner Coffee to Trello"
    title="Add Leaner Coffee to Trello"
    height="40" width="144"
    src="https://p.trellocdn.com/add_to_trello.png"
    srcSet="https://p.trellocdn.com/add_to_trello.png 1x,
      https://p.trellocdn.com/add_to_trello@2x.png 2x"
  />
</a>

## What _is_ Trello?
[Trello](https://trello.com/) is a project management web application based on the concepts of boards, lists and cards.

From a developer's perspective, it's also a platform which can be extended using Power-Ups
(here's a [directory of existing ones](https://trello.com/power-ups), and here's [the official introduction to Power-Ups development](https://developers.trello.com/reference#power-ups-intro)).

## So, this is a Power-Up?
Yep. This project implements a Power-Up meant to support "Lean Coffee"-style sessions based on a Trello board.

## What is "Lean Coffee", then?
From the [official page](http://leancoffee.org/):

    Lean Coffee is a structured, but agenda-less meeting.

The following is an example of a Lean Coffee session:
1. 5 minutes to add new cards to a "Discussion topics" list
2. 5 minutes to vote for individual topics (each person gets a fixed number of votes, usually based on the number of topics)
3. The moderator sorts the topics list by votes, and moves the top card to the "Discussing" list
4. 5 minutes to discuss the card, starting with its creator setting the context
5. There’s a timer: when it goes off, everybody can vote to keep discussing the same topic or move on. Based on the vote, the card may be moved to the “Done” list, and a new one put in its place
6. Go back to #4, rinse and repeat

It can be made simpler or more complicated, but that's the gist of it.

## Fine. And how does this Power-Up help?
Once enabled for a board, this Power-Up implements:
- voting capabilities (similar to the official [Voting Power-Up](http://info.trello.com/power-ups/voting))
    - click to vote (duh!)
    - displaying list of voters
    - sorting a list by number of votes
    - (Lean Coffee bonus!) ensuring people can only vote for as many cards as the rules of multivoting (aka N/3 voting) allow
- discussion management
    - start/pause/end a timer for a discussion about a card
    - notifications (visual + audio) when a discussion timer elapses (visible only to the initiator)
- card badges and card detail badges, displaying:
    - number of votes / list of voters
    - elapsed time for a discussion
- card back sections, displaying:
    - discussion status (when ongoing)
    - a simple UI to vote on a discussion to determine the next step (when paused)

Card Badges | Card Back Section | Menu
------------|--------------------| ----
![Votes][CardBadgeVoting]  | ![Votes][CardBackSectionOngoing] | ![Votes][PowerUpButtons]
![Votes][CardBadgeOngoing] | ![Votes][CardBackSectionPaused] | 

[CardBadgeVoting]: ./assets/readme/card_badge_voting.png
[CardBadgeOngoing]: ./assets/readme/card_badge_ongoing.png
[CardBackSectionOngoing]: ./assets/readme/ongoing_discussion.png
[CardBackSectionPaused]: ./assets/readme/paused_discussion.png
[PowerUpButtons]: ./assets/readme/buttons.png

## Installation
The Power-Up is free, and available through the official Trello Power-Up listing.

For reference, here's our [privacy policy](PRIVACY.md).

### Releasing
The official version of this Power-Up is currently hosted on GitHub Pages, based on the contents of the `docs` folder.

A new version can be released by executing `npm version [major|minor|patch]`.
This will:
- bump the version number in both `package.json` and `package-lock.json`
- trigger a production build (output in the `docs` folder)
- create a commit with these changes
- create a git tag with the same version number

The Release Drafter GitHub App will take care of drafting/updating a GitHub release every time a PR gets merged; after the steps above the current draft release can be published (tied to the tag just created).

#### Releasing a new translation
Once a PR providing a new translation has been merged, we need to create localised screenshots for the Power-Up listing - the `tools` folder contains a script which uses WebDriver to automate this process.

The tool can be run from the project's main folder with `npm run screenshots`. You can pass the `--help` parameter for usage instructions.
Without parameters, it will regenerate screenshots for all locales - you can require a single one with:

```npm run screenshots -- --locale <languagetag>```

For example,

```npm run screenshots -- --locale zh-Hans```

The tool logs in to Trello, which means valid credentials are required (exposed through the TRELLO_USERNAME and TRELLO_PASSWORD environment variables), and access to a specific shared board is assumed, so that specific cards / lists can be included in the screenshots (the board URL is hard-coded in the script).

At the time of writing, taking screenshots in Chrome did not work, so we're using Firefox, which needs to be installed on the user's machine (either the standard or Developer Edition; the script will try either of those default installation paths).

Finally, before executing the script you'll need to start `geckodriver` from the project's folder (it will be there if you ran `npm install`) - it's the bit responsible for interpreting WebDriver commands and sending them to the browser.

## Contributing
See the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) document.

## Versioning
We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning.

## Authors
Angelo Tata @tatablack

## Disclaimer
Lean Coffee(tm) is a trademark of Modus Cooperandi (as mentioned [here](http://leancoffee.org/)); we are not affiliated with them, or with the original creators of the technique, in any way. We just happened to run plenty of Lean Coffee sessions on Trello, and we wanted to make our own lives easier. Once this proved useful, well, sharing was the next step.

## License
Apache-2.0. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE).
